dark clouds Rising oh there's no sunshine
anywhere strong winds blowing God give us wisdom
to grasp the message in the air
oh if I could have one wish and know that it would come true I'd wish that
God would [Music]
and she is [Music]
welcome to Lady Babylon Friday it is time for us to
initiate the satanic initiation fantastic here we go tonight what are we
going to look at it's going to be scandalous tonight it's going to be scandalous there's
going to be some ooh ah there's going to be some exchange of fluids
it's what we have from this great Bible of ours and it's what we need to look at tonight
we're going in and we're gonna see the reason that he warned everybody
you're going to be scandalized and don't forget this guy
you know what I mean tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
fantastic great to have you back and I know tonight we're just gonna go
directly into the meat and the loveliness of what we've got tonight with Jesus's
scandalon yes and we're going to bring that up to the front we're going to see
does this have anything to do with his trial can we bring this in this evidence we're going to look at a state of mind a
little bit we're going to look at Jesus's state of mind and I think you're going to be
surprised I think you're going to be surprised oh the Greek is lovely lovely
it's delicious you look so beautiful tonight Muse oh my goodness thanks for thanks for
this it's fantastic I want to bring you ageria who is going to
bring us the purge we're going to get rid of that stink before we begin should we hit it
[Music]
thank you [Music]
foreign [Music]
[Music]
and that's what the priests of Apollo said Plutarch himself
about her Nigeria who was this diamond
who was this diamond who gave us our religion if you and I are Romans
she's the reason that we think what we do egeria was her name
eggeria let's bring up right away we want the evidence tonight
boom boom boom I want you guys to see This ship's already there we're getting out we're gonna go see Jesus before we
do I want to take everybody as a special treat tonight out to The Cantina and I
want us to be able to have a little bit of fun with some mean ads so where's
Elian Elian get up here alien now um I'm just gonna drag you alien in here
because this is a lengthy passage but I want you to keep an eye on the partying
I want you to keep an eye I don't think you realize how deep they went in antiquity I want you to see the Balkans
doing exactly what Balkans do no more stories that I'm put away put away the
Noah's Ark and the pictures and write and whoo pop-up little animals put that
all away because now tonight we're going in to see the we're going to see the real stuff you're about to watch bakkens
we'll get a little bit of the atmosphere here I want you guys to soak it up it will go in
and we'll see the Christ fantastic let's bring up bring up that very first oh I
gotta squeeze over here I gotta squeeze over here blow me up Chewie yep I'm too small look I'm tiny okay elegy oh by the
way this is some this is from yeah we we said um it's a translation by Thomas
look from the 17th century is that the best you could do is that the best you could do it's alien
give them a break and it's a fine translation and kelani were Daughters of prietus the
queen of Cyprus worked them to prostitute themselves and so much as in
some parts of Peloponnesus they ran up and down as it is said
naked and raging remember this is the prostitution that isn't just
prostitution it's also Temple worship right this is a religion you're watching
religious these are nuns from ancient Greece what a non's an ancient degrees
do they get naked and they run around crazy oh is this fantastic they're
raging would you like to be one of these nuns just get rid of everything drink
your drink and next thing you know you're chasing chasing images through
the air oh you fly they say it's flight The Witches they got it from the Balkans
right it's all the pharmacology you just have to trace the pharmacology
um let's look at it they robed also mad into other parts of Greece oh look it was like an extended crazy vacation a
religious purgation of your soul you got to be done with your problems after you come back from one of these transported
with this distemper right we've got something going on in mind is likewise reported the wise the last demonians
were transported with bacchanalian Fury they got into it too right now listen
this is not just us showing up at a concert and taking something that a farm
pharmaceutical rep during the day and a peddler at night gives people
right no this is a sophisticated combo we're about to see snakes and stuff like
that oh God love it and look what it does it drives them it drives them on do
you know now why Medea brought this to people you can free somebody you can free
somebody without their even resisting right it's that contagion that which has
that power lady Babylon has that power of contagion bring us back I want to see what more of those dirty Balkans were
doing show us the Elaine show us this dirty barking stuff yeah um they say
that only the many of these little Kippy and aristophy yeah and al-sea they
declined the dance of Bacchus oh that's a big mistake if you are in your life and you um
feel the call you should not turn away from it why have you not been reading anything these
bakkens they turned on Orpheus and cut his head off they turned on Orpheus and
cut his head off right this is our religion people let's get it let's let's see what's going on
um yeah so they declined to dance the cause were of that they desired to have husbands and therefore would not be mean
as to the God we're at he was incensed of course he was mad and when they were working at their looms and very busy
look at look at 17th century busy who is he yeah boozy boozy and weaving on a
sudden branches of Ivy and of vines twined about the their looms and dragons
dragons made nests in the back baskets why would they do that
because this is Bacchus baby and you know what we've got in our baskets that
we're carrying around while we're frenzying yeah you know this is organized frenzy
right it's good stuff you've got those vipers those North African vipers in
them oh God it hurts we're about to see Jesus right you want to see Jesus in pain how many of you out there want to
see Jesus in pain let me see it because we're going to go into the gospels we're gonna see him in bang you always thought
Jesus was like this no he's not he's not he's in pain here I
mean this is enough to turn on Mel Gibson you know what I mean this is enough to to bring out that
that sadomasochistic Instinct that wants us
to put on the stage the oh the beating oh crucify him yeah ride that kind of
thing it's bringing that out in the individual these are what the bakkens are doing it's part of the Holy fervor
okay let's bring me back that text one more time and we'll Shuffle off to some Greek
take down the initiation good fantastic and what happens now
um he was mad so they got the ivy growing they got the dragons in their baskets the snakes and from from the
roof to still drops of milk and wine were you waiting for it it's common milk some milk and wine yeah good good good
good now just I just wanted you to see um for the many of these seized with
frenzy tore in pieces a young infant oops oops you can take it down do you
know what happens do you know what happens when you piss off a god
do you know what happens immediate immediate
overwhelming Force immediate overwhelming Force this isn't the universe of opposite reactions you
know everything has its its opposite no no no this is no balancing here
yeah no this is you've set off a nuclear reaction
yeah now now you're in trouble now you're in trouble you split the atom
and what happens so a group of these mean ads now imagine this anthropologically these mean ads are
under the influence of some psychosis-inducing drugs not only that they're heavy on the aphrodisiacs so
they're all walking around excited
seders anywho that's why they carry sticks right sticks weapons
they carry him around got it with all the drugs right and what did they do they came across
the person who wouldn't honor the God and they mistook
her child for a sacrifice to Dionysus isn't that nice isn't that nice they
took that child they tore him to pieces they thrown to Pieces I'd tell you what
they did with the pieces we know what the Balkans did with the flesh
did you know the Balkans were flesh eaters oh you didn't when Jesus is
sitting there and he says right knock knock at the door we're having dinner
we're having this last supper yeah and what's he doing
he's given his flesh in his blood
okay okay are you ready it only gets worse from here right but we're gonna go all
the way because you guys love this stuff right this we gotta see the grit yeah and I appreciate that you're here
thank you for coming tonight by the way my most excellent audience fantastic
I want to bring this up what is this you know this is Jesus and he said I said
these things I'm not even going to give you where this is from it's just G it's one of the gospels right and Jesus says
you know I told you these things that I told you before in order that you may
not be scandalized scandalized what is a scandalization
what is it when what is a scandalone what is it to scandalids or someone
I'd really like to scandalize you um yeah it comes from the word for a
trap it's a trap something that you get caught in
and it goes back to the skandalon that was used in their one of the traps they
made for Animals small animals yeah you don't want to get into a trap
stop you're gonna scandalize me you're going to get me caught
you're gonna get me caught let's let's see now we're going to take that verse
watch this we're going to transform that verse I want to put that up there one more time I'm going to transform it into English
using the King James The New American Standard and all the chappy chaps here's
one all this I have told you so that you will not fall away
um no but good try next these things I've spoken to you so that
you may be so that you may be kept oh from stumbling kept from stumbling
that's a wee bit closer but no these things have I spoken to you that
you should not be offended look does anybody feel like we're all sitting in the same Circle watching the same person
masturbate that's what I feel like and I'm tired of it King James you can stick
it in your ear let's go to the the next one where's the next fantastic now I'm
gonna transform here's the magic here's the magic my assistant can show
some mind-changing altering images while
we're doing this but I'm performing a Magic's trick as we speak and I'm
transforming that verse into this thing into this thing right here
and how am I doing it I'm doing it through somebody who lived in the 5th Century
who's Greek is better than the best is better than the best
this guy knows everything about cult particularly
bock my God
let's see how he translated that verse because he took that verse and he
rephrased it and here's what we got I want to read this to you in great should we give it
to me big yeah who mende profes Pizza agorelo
[Music] oh all my Greek students see the oysters
yeah
and what is that what does that mean no keep it up their minds are terrible keep
it other what does it mean let me just translate it for you I'm telling you
this announcement in a fit of prophetic rage
so that you don't have to partake
of that Unstoppable poison
that induces the fury why
did we go from one Universe to another
he just said he just said this was all what is the
scandalizing how is he translating the scandalizing
you don't have to enter into the fury
because he does
and tonight on the night he gave his flesh and blood on the night he took of
the cup of the Vine
I am the Vine you're the branches
there he is there he is and known as says what is he doing he's taking that he's taking that
oysters for us he is assuming the oysters for us
okay okay that explains a lot of why it's about to say that Jesus was in a state
of intoxication let's look at the next slide please I want you to notice this
vocabulary here's your oysters people and I just want you to notice a sting or
anything that particularly drives mad I want you to keep that in your minds keep
it in your minds what does Madness have to do with Jesus you have to have the madness next one to have the prophecy
what is the oysteromones that is the state right of being mad from that Sting
from that raging from that raging the Christ is a rager that's why in The
Gospel According to known as Jesus is constantly shouting
and you see in a bucket with a barking shout
Jesus is constantly doing that
give me the next slide love it thank you Chewie this is the
state you want to be in folks right in order to become prophetic
this is just the way things are I didn't make this up right it's just from the language in order to become a frenzied
um person you have to go through this pathway of
the sting The Sting in my flesh says Paul oh there's a sting in my flesh
Thorn push that thorn in push it in here we go bring up the next next slide and
um that's in order all of that is in order to produce this this is what Nona
says Jesus is he is this Source right this wondrous awful oracular Source
filled with the words of God do you see that Phil this is such a Greek Pagan
idea we get thespian right right now you know why the thespians are
who they are right because that stage is divine inspiration
if you aren't possessed you have never
been inside a mystery if you are possessed you come out of
there with your backside hurting because that thing is that bench is so hard and you've been sitting on it you finally
got up there and you got your communion got a little blood flowing in your legs
and bored to death from all the blah blah blah Ding-A-Ling ding-a-ling
blah blah blah boom yeah if you if if you're getting
possession from that good for you good for you the bakkens they did the
real thing and Jesus does the real thing
Jesus does the real thing let's keep going with a with the quotes um
yep go ahead uh look at this real quick people applied a giant I just want you
to see this so yeah he says so Jesus says you know it tells him he says you know you guys are all going to get
scandalized in me through through me what do you mean Jesus
you're all going to get scandalized through me
yeah it's even a little bit just a tiny tad bit creepier because it uses the
preposition in it's like I got something inside me that's going to scandalize everybody
here yeah it's kind of gross let's um let's not dwell for that on too long
but I want you to realize as he is getting ready for his time in the garden
and right after that as you and I know is crucifixion as he's getting ready for
that where's his brain where's his braino number one he's worried he's worried
right we got to talk about the events that led up to the to our trans-dimensional you know crime in the
garden we're still not going to let that go we're not going to dismiss the naked kid
that's with Jesus when he's arrested at 4am in a garden We're Not Gonna We're Not Gonna dismiss that okay bring up the
go ahead and bring up the next one for me yeah um yeah go ahead it's just a couple of
look this very night you'll All Fall Away look at how they struggle with it over and over and over again are you
kidding that has nothing to do with give me another one oh God tonight all of you
will desert me he doesn't say that he doesn't sit and how do you know that
this thing is written look um I'm gonna dedicate this to all the biblical Scholars out there who talk
about knowing Greek you know who you are you know who you are um I just want you to see where it said
scriptures there whoops go back to that before we get to the screamer see the scriptures there's no that's somebody
modern who's part of a religion creating vocabulary for you
the scriptures what BS is that oh my God this is
ridiculous scriptures now children turn your Bibles to be quiet let me translate
the thing this is too much it's too much now look
at this guy this guy had to shout I will strike down yes okay thank you very much
I'll fall away ashes to ashes We All Fall Down right I'm still not set on
what scandalizo is let's go to the next one oh look at this little tidbit okay
so where's the mind of Jesus okay we're about to show you the mind of Jesus in a way you've never seen before where is he
on his way to the garden where would the Bakken be he's taken his
communion it's starting to kick in and what is the whole troop doing with him
they're all going to get scandalized with him they're all going to get scandalized with him and what are they
doing he can't even keep three of them from falling over asleep right because the drugs are kicking in and he's there
what are they doing look what this says they went there they went to the Mount
of Olives and what they did what did they do they were singing hymns
they were singing hymns they were ditherambic right
what is that Hymn of mourning it's that place that you go to when you've taken
the drugs that will kill you and bring you alive again
what do you think we're doing with Lazarus in the cave people what do you think all these demoniacs are doing
where do if you read the Bible just read the New Testament and ask yourself just
this one question read the whole thing ask yourself one question where do all the demoniacs hang out
yeah yeah it's a cemetery for a reason
yeah so what do we do before we go to our Cemetery we have a procession we're
bakkens we have a procession and what do we do in our procession we sing hymns
the Athenians took this historically these bakkens and redirected them into a
theater and said hey let's just set you up here and you'll do your thing here
isn't that nice yeah gorgeous that's the theater that's
the theater with these possessed people remember and they're naked right do you
have a problem with naked mean ads running around beating up and torturing
people if you do you might want to vote
to quash the uprising yeah fantastic but Jesus he's right in the midst of it
where's his head give me the next script the next look they got me doing it giving the next passage please oh God I
love this watch this she's about to go in and he's like hey hey Peter Peter and the two sons of
Zebedee you know what they call those guys those born wet I guess and the look
we got to make fun of some Aramaic some Aramaic linguists who didn't have a
brain bigger than a p and had an agenda so all of a sudden we think it's
something that it's not let me show you some classical it works out for born where gases and you notice I'm using the
dye gamma that is good strong I'm going to show you some good stuff here but
um uh sons of thunder is what um the group is that they're a part of
these are the sons of God baby they're the ones that are pierced by that lightning and you say wait a minute I
thought we were with Bacchus exactly he was bathed in the lightning he was
bathed in the lightning you mean Jesus was bathed in the lightning Jesus was bathed in lightning
got to get a little medicine than that let's go to that let's go to the next one so um
yeah wait go back to that one I want to make sure I didn't miss that yeah and what is Jesus look let's pick this up
everybody who's making the special get these details in right what is he he's in pain the pace though wait
he's in pain Jesus you need to see a doctor Jesus hello
do you need to see a doctor Jesus what's wrong does this hurt
he's in pain there's no mistaking that word let's get the text one more time what else is he in addition to being in
pain he's Adam what does that mean literally it means
out of one's deem out of your neighborhood
now the another place you find this word being used is in galen's commentary on
Hippocrates epidemics one he starts talking about
different diseases that are going on and he's describing symptoms in in a in a
battery of diseases that appear to be malarial type diseases he talks about
fevers and the induction of fever and he talks about what happens to the patient
and one of the words that he uses is this ah Daemon they enter into ademonia
and what what is the ademon yeah
place of confusion this place of confusion it's somewhere
on the road to total and utter delirium yeah isn't that nice isn't that nice so
Jesus is in pain and he's becoming delirious
yeah does anybody noticed that he was sweating right does anybody touch him we got that
DNA if we had that boy we could get Jesus's DNA Maybe right
right remember go home from the Sunday school and ask him Mark 14 51 52 what's
that naked kid doing there okay so here comes Jesus let's go to the
next um he's stumbling out you know he's got his three he's got his three buddies
right and they're falling asleep you know because they're totally bombed right okay good we just been in this
procession this stuff's gotta Tire you out man they talk about the bakkens In
classical texts laying around totally like you gotta like push him and
kind of revive them to wake him up a whole group of them and we're given instructions we have ancient document
that says hey just pick these people up off the ground lay them in a bed and give them a give them
um fluids and nurse them back they'll be back yeah we know they're bakkens that's
what they do it's what they do and you thought you thought you were there in the mystery didn't you
didn't you didn't realize what Paul was given an epithea such a hard time
now you know she was outing him she was outing him for what he was doing
and everybody knew it Paul yeah Mr immune to Viper Venom
yeah you've got to take that into consideration when one of your Witnesses comes in the court
and you can tell they're under the influence right you have to take that into consideration fantastic let's go to the
next I love that word let's go to the next one
um yeah and uh oh yeah I just want to tell you I want to shift a little bit now
um and I just I'm going to show you how this is related look it's directly related because on the fourth line the
first word and the fourth line you see the Ade monia and I just wanted to show you guys that this word that is
describing Jesus's mental state is used of pneuma and it says it's with
respect to his soul yeah yeah that place that place of
confusion it wasn't because of a confusion in his soul that he did this what did Newman do he dropped everything
you people are going to love this you know what this says pneuma left the city behind and all that City Life and he
chose to live out in the Wilds yeah and what did he do he he wandered a lot by
himself right that's what he wanted to do and he wandered around sacred Groves
and Meadows and places out in the wilderness he wandered in these places
and what was he doing what was he doing um well in that place this is at least
what they say right the logos what's the logos on it the logos on it is that he
knew o goddess yeah and that he was with that goddess
and what um what what did they do right well we know historically that pneuma took that
goddess's words put them into Scrolls and those Scrolls
became the foundation for the religion that built your Christianity okay
fantastic fantastic especially for the papa in the seat in the Holy See yeah
you know I'm talking to here we go um what happens here what happens here
so pneuma has her as not be he didn't go to this place because he's crazy bring
up the next one he didn't go to this place because he's crazy or Delirious he went here because of what
because he had a taste now everybody who's I told you this would be sexy
tonight it's getting it's going to get a little bit academically sexy because he had a taste
getting Romanos yeah he had a taste what do you have a taste of he had a taste of the Holy
homilia have you ever had the holy homilia I'm asking you
sitting there tonight have you ever had holy homilia
should we gotta find out what the hell of it is um I'm sorry
um intercourse company number two oh look at number two it's sexual intercourse but look at number three
it's also instruction take that down take that down is your
is your intercourse holy
that's a shame if it's not yeah is your instruction
coming from your intercourse you know how it is you have an
interaction right there's things going on
bits being passed back and forth
sacred homilia sacred homelia I bet that's the first
time I'm glad to be able to introduce you to Sacred intercourse
just think about it for a second holy intercourse boy is that not going to be welcomed by
the Baptist no it's not no it's not
frustration Reigns let's go to the next to the next spot we
gotta keep it we gotta keep it hot okay I wanted you to see look look these sons of Zebedee right James
um John and James right um they called them boner guess
yeah and then he says brontes and that literally just says
that is to say or which is the sons of uh the sons of the brontes that Rod boom
boom do you feel it when that light comes from the sky and you feel that boom
yeah that's brontes they say they say you know that's the weapon
that's the weapon is that shaking right and what does this guy do he's born I
had a guess so if somebody came along and said oh let's put some Aramaic into
the text which is stupid which is stupid
yeah let's go to the bookstore and grab some Chop Suey and throw it at the wall
and see if any of it sticks
yeah that's what that is now I'm not kidding you people this is not Aramaic
right the sons of the bolt are the bakkens why do you think he called those
guys that you know what those magicians could do you want to see how much they were into drugs you thought and it
didn't even make the word in it they were why is it called out you know the Aramaic is Switched backwards you
flipped your consonants your morons that thing perfectly works out in Greek
right where the gases are working and born is a shout of the bakunt the shout
of the Bakken oh
oh okay nice now let's watch what these people are doing go to the next one yeah
yep that's good I go back to that one for a second let's just make sure I want to make sure yep that's it go to the next one
fantastic and what are these guys able to do look what these guys are able to do these these sons of thunder as you
have been calling them right right what happens do you want us
they something's wrong and they asked Jesus
you want that we should you know call down the poor from the Uranus wait call
down the fire from heaven are you kidding me what does that mean
call down the fire from heaven and all of us get in our little
bus to go to our school where the big purple mascot touches us
and we say what's going on with this text what's going on
right bring it back up bring it back up look
look at the look at the word that we've got here a Pullman you want we should maybe say something to bring down the
poor you see the poor this is all over so if you don't know these texts you
don't know what to fire from Uranus is or the fire from heaven as it's called
by Baptists called the fire of Heaven down
yeah you can scare people with that stuff you can Moses is doing it too why because
he's a wizard then why do I say wizard because these are people who are
involved with drugs that's the word for wizards in antiquity
the drug users and what special trick can these drug
users do well thanks to Medea they can have the fire of Uranus
oh God oh God you mean this bakic empire built
by that Queen in Georgia who ruled all the way from Babylon to Northern Italy
do you think do you think that maybe it was her industriousness with these drugs
and these substances that drove it all the way down to Jesus yeah and it's not
me saying that it's known us it's known as we get a chance to see the actual Jesus
Through known us it's amazing and it makes every passage
work I'm telling you I have spent the last two weeks unfolding
Jesus Christ it's amazing it's amazing and I hope to
keep to bringing it to you I want to end with I want to end with this little tidbit go ahead and give me that last
one give me a little there we go yeah yeah look at 26. so um this is from like
first Chronicles first Chronicle I don't know why that's
funny and um oika the Mason they built right who did or he he she or it built
something da weed die weed yeah dowie
there's a dog gamma in there Darwin yeah good enthusiastic they built there an
altar to the curios yeah and they compelled sacrifices things that they were going
to burn and things that have to do it's a special sacrifice as a way of saying
thank you for saving me
the Savior s right this is all mystery religion and what
did they do they built this they built this thing and they put the put their stuff on it and what happened
do you want know what the bow on Wedge were doing they were doing this verb
right here in order to bring that fire from heaven
in order to bring it you got to do the shout you gotta do the shout just part of the
ritual yeah isn't that amazing oh my God it's complete bakkens now I
know people have been saying for a while we know the bakic elements
that are in the gospel what I'm saying is you don't know half of them you don't know half of them
is the bridge that will unseal for Our
Generation these sealed books the gospels are sealed until you have
the cipher you will never know Jesus
I can't stick around any longer tonight I'm going to have to
go into my cave I appreciate everything I'll make up for
it next Wednesday on the Discord but for now I'm going to take a break
um from this Dimension at least thank you very much for your time
tonight thank you for the Exotic and wonderful comments that you're giving I love them and I take them all into
consideration I especially love the I especially love the haters I love it it
gives me joy um and it's kind of a sick pleasure um so please keep it up you're feeding
me um and everybody who is trying to get closer to the Greek keep it up
keep it up do you see what's sitting there under the text somebody asked me today they said
um do you think that I am Lucas is the most difficult Greek author and I
said no the person I told that to you is a [__] who doesn't read Greek I am because it's about a six
about a six to a seven yeah noness because of his precision
with the vocabulary his grammar is okay and he's having to fit meter so it's a
little bit slippery but that's okay what's really any can play with the words he can plague at length and vowels
he can shorten vowels but what's really neat is this technical
vocabulary and known us will uncover
exactly what we called the mysteries in
the Gospels yes it's the key to unlock that this season
this sixth season is time to show you the cipher
and to allow you to see with those eyes of the Dragon
thank you for coming tonight he'll say [Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
just maybe we could walk together again